handcuff the body to the road and split  it from one window to the other  like tarzan stop making such dumb ass  comments and keep your smelly breath in  your dirty mouth  what gilgamesh level condescension but  which grail war are you from  wow another reference we don't get you  must be a hardcore loser  i see so i made a mistake  how rare it's not that rare for you to  make a mistake  your entire existence is a mistake how  about you just keep your [ __ ] mouth  shut you lying little abortion  [Music]  that was really uncalled for i only  said that to find the culprit  [Music]  you're so mean  [Music]  okay i feel a lot better now oh  you so clumsy girl what don't  really not know  i'm sick of hearing you say you don't  know god why are you so dumb  go gota just want to help everyone like  true gentlemen  you're a true gentleman more like a true  nincompoop  everything you said is total bs you  didn't give two shits about tenko when  she was alive  but now you're like oh no portenko  after she's dead come on really  you and your [ __ ] lies go sit in the  corner and play with yourself  okay i'll start right now  now that's just bullying bullying  yeah so what who made the locker mystery  doesn't matter since anyone could have  done it  don't you even understand something as  basic as that you feel become dumpster  you guys blame and gang up on me but now  you're gonna pretend to be  good people anyone who doesn't get this  is just as stupid as the [ __ ] [ __ ] lit  over there gota argue back already  just make an excuse or whatever stop it  that's enough hmm stop what  you mean stop the game  hey do you even know what you're saying  yeah i know what about it  i don't want to survive if it means i  have to stoop to your level  [Music]  oh that's a low blow right there  then just die in a hole for all i care  we want to live  so stop getting in our way i  messed up again how could this happen  i am so embarrassed  no worries mew everyone already knows  you're an embarrassment to the human  race  yeah no worries oh my god  mew actually said something smart  fine i'll explain it to the itty bitty  pea-brained  [ __ ] lit